EC1242SLLS1
Wholesale Trade: Subject Series - Product Lines: Product Lines Statistics by Industry for the U.S. and States: 2012

Release Date : 03/15/2016

These data are final; they supersede data released in earlier data files. Includes only establishments of firms with payroll. See Table Notes for more information. Data based on the 2012 Economic Census. For information on confidentiality protection, sampling error, nonsampling error, and definitions, see Methodology.

For information on economic census geographies, including changes for 2012, see the economic census Help Center.


 
  Table Name
  Wholesale Trade: Subject Series - Product Lines: Product Lines Statistics by Industry for the U.S. and States: 2012
 
 
  ReleaseSchedule
  The data in this file are scheduled for release in March 2016.
 
 
  Key TableInformation
  These data supersede the data released in the Industry Series file for Wholesale Trade (Sector 42) from the 2012 Economic Census. See  Methodology for additional information on data limitations.
 
 
  Universe
  The universe of this file is all establishments of firms with payroll in business at any time during 2012 and classified in Wholesale Trade (Sector 42).
 
 
  GeographyCoverage
  The data are shown at the United States and state levels.
 
 
  IndustryCoverage
  The data are shown for 2- through 8-digit 2012 NAICS codes.
 
 
  Data ItemsandOtherIdentifyingRecords
  This file contains data on:
   
    Number and total sales of establishments reporting the product line 
    Product line sales 
    Product line sales as a percent of total sales of establishments reporting the product line and of all establishments 
    Response coverage 
    Percent of sales accounted for by industry
   Each record includes a PSCODE which represents a specific product line.
 
 
  FTP Download
  Download the entire table athttp://www2.census.gov/econ2012/EC/sector42/EC1242slls1d.zip
 
 
  ContactInformation 
  U.S. Census Bureau, Economy Wide Statistics Division Data User Outreach and Education Staff Washington, DC 20233-6900 Tel: (800) 242-2184 Tel: (301) 763-5154 ewd.outreach@census.gov 
  


ECONF$Z
	Z	Rounds to zero

ECONF$X
	X	Not applicable

ECONF$D
	D	Withheld to avoid disclosing data for individual companies; data are included in higher level totals

Source: U.S. Census Bureau, 2012 Economic Census
Note: The data in this file are based on the 2012 Economic Census. To maintain confidentiality, the U.S. Census Bureau suppresses data to protect the identity of any business or individual. The census results in this file contain sampling and nonsampling error. Data users who create their own estimates using data from this file should cite the U.S. Census Bureau as the source of the original data only. For the full technical documentation, see Methodology link in above headnote.

Note: Statistics other than industry totals are based on a sample and, therefore, are subject to sampling error. No measure of that sampling error is provided.

Symbols:D - Withheld to avoid disclosing data for individual companies; data are included in higher level totalsN - Not available or not comparableFor a complete list of all economic programs symbols, see the Symbols Glossary

